Moving  thoughts
    Mabye God wants you to meet many wrong people before you meet the right one.As a result,when we finally  meet  the  right person,we will  know how to be grateful for that gift.
    When the door of happiness closes,another opens,but often times we look so long at the closed door that we don't see the one which has been opened for us.You may only be a person on this world,but for someone,you're the world.The best kind of friend is the kind you can sit on a porch and swing with,never say a word and then walk away feeling like it was the best conversation you've ever had.A true fiend is the one who holds your hand and touches your heart. Don't spend time waiting someone who doesnt's care spending it  with you.
    It's true that we don't know what we've got until we lose it,but it's also true that we don't know what we've been missing until it arrives.Giving someone all your love is never an assurance that they'll love you back!Don't expect love in return,just wait for it to grow in their heart.But if it doesn't,be content it grew in yours.It takes only a minute to get a crash on someone,an hour to like someone,and a day to love someone ,but it takes a life time to forget someone.Don't go for looks,they can deceive.Don't go for wealth,even that fades away.Go for someone  who makes you smile because it takes only a smile to make a dark day seem bright.Find the one that makes your heart smile.
    Dream what you want to dream;go where you want to go;be what you want to be,because you have only one life and one chance to do all the things you want to.
There will always be people who'll hurt you,just be careful.
    May you have enough happiness to make you sweet,enough trials to make you strong,enough sorrow to keep you human,enough hope to make you happy.Don't cry because if came to an end.Smile because if happened.
    Always put yourself in other's shoes.If you feel that it hurts you,it probably hurt others,too.No person deserves your tears,and who deserves them won't make you cry. Jsut because someone doesn't love you as you wish,if doesn't  mean you're not loved with all his/her being.The worst way to miss someone is to be seated by his/her side and know you'll never have him/her.
    The happiest people don't necessarily have the best of everything;they just make most of everything that comes along their way.Never stop smiling,not even when you're sad,someone might fall in love with your smile.
    Happiness lies for those who cry,those who hurt ,those who have searched,and those who have tried,for only they can appreciate the importance of people who touched their lives.Love begins with a smile,grows with a kiss and ends with a tear.The brightest future will always be based on a forgotten past,you can't go on well in life until you let go of your past failures and heartaches.
    Please send this passage to those people who mean something to you,to those who have touched your life in one way or another,to those who make you smile when you really need it,to those that make you see the brighter side of things when you are really down,to those who you want to let them know that you appreciate their friend ship.
    And if you don't,don'tworry,nothing bad will happen to you,you will just miss out on the opportunity to brighten smeone's day with this passage.
